---
title:  "Reflecting on Who I am: Insights from Refind Self"
date:   2024-10-08 14:40:39 -0700
categories: "Personal"
excerpt: My exploration of my personalities in Refind Self (The Personality Test Game). 
header:
  overlay_color: "#000"
  overlay_filter: "0.25"
  overlay_image: /assets/pages/starting-again/header.jpg
  caption: "Photo credit: Me!"
share: false
related: false
youtubeId: rPYbxZwoOtk
image: /landing/assets/pages/starting-again/header.jpg
---

### Personality Tests

I want to preface this with that I don't fully believe in personality tests;
I think that humans are too multi-faceted to be categorized.
There's simply too much information to summarize, and an unending number of scenarios to account for.
You can't expect a short, timed test to fully capture all that you are as a person.

However, I do enjoy taking them, and I think they can give you a surface-level understanding of your personality.

Isn't that so cool?
You answer some various questions about interactions, scenarios, and interests, and after all these questions,
the test spits out an analysis of what kind of person you are--whatever that is.

And none have piqued my interest as much as [Refind Self: The Personality Test Game](https://playism.com/en/game/refindself/).

---

{% include youtubePlayer.html id=page.youtubeId %}

---

**Refind Self: The Personality Test Game** is an personality test turned into an exploration-based adventure.

You play as an android traversing a world after your creator's death, interacting with other robots, and discovering what you were intended for.
Every action you take or don't take will be reflected in your personality.
And just because it is a game, doesn't mean it has game overs either!
There is no right or wrong way to progress in this game. You can go wherever you please, talk to whoever you want, and do whatever you want.
After all, it is your life.

It feels so immersive this way.
You start off as a blank slate, and through this journey, you slowly paint out who you are with the choices you make.
**You decide what you care about.**

After finishing the game, you are presented with the traits and characteristics (personalities)
that best align with your choices.

#### What do I think about my results?

Don't worry! This is spoiler-free!

At the end of my journey, I ended up with the following below.

| Personality | Type | Description |
|-------|--------| -------- |
| **Clergy** |  Most Representative | A deeply gentle soul who offers a hand whenever someone is in need. |
| **Philosopher** | Additional | A perfectionist who always stops at a decision to consider it until satisifed. |
| **Sage** | Additional | One who always prepares for crisies; better to reliably avoid loss than to chance gain. |
| **Traveler** |  Hidden | A flexible sort who does as others do, and also tries to approach things not tried before. |
| **Hero** | Most Distant | A gallant sort who can proceed forward with courage, even if it's scary. |

> If you want to compare with mine in-game, here's my personality ID `jhtm_V4W2_EEKY`.

---

{% include image.html image="/landing/assets/pages/refind-me/Clergy.png" %}

---

My most representative personality is a **Clergy**? The trunk of my character is **Clergy**??! What?! I mean, I guess it makes sense based on what I chose during the prompts.
Still, I didn't think that would be so core to who I am. Maybe because it's so natural to me, I assumed it was just the norm.
Helping those in need feels right to me, since it makes the world a little happier. (although truthfully, I was hoping for something cooler TT)

---

{% include image.html image="/landing/assets/pages/refind-me/Philosopher.png" %}

---
The additional personalities that complement my main were **Philosopher** and **Sage**. These resonated more with how I reflect and process things.
I constantly think about the decisions I make, no matter how small, and even after the fact, I still question if I made the right choice.

Maybe it's just me entertaining the thought that things could have played out differently or better? I'm not entirely sure.

---

{% include image.html image="/landing/assets/pages/refind-me/Sage.png" %}

---
The **Sage** personality tells me that I don't take risks when it comes to chance. If there's uncertainity, I tend to choose the safest option.
In a way, I try to stay in my area of expertise. There's a certain level of comfort that I live in, and I don't stray from it too much.

---

{% include image.html image="/landing/assets/pages/refind-me/Traveler.png" %}

---
However, unlike those two, you would also find the **Traveler**. This is considered a latent part of me, lingering in the background.
When there's something new to experience, I'm open to it. I like change and being flexible with my environment.
There's a whole world to explore, so why would stop myself from it?

You might think this constradicts my desire to stay in my comfort zone,
but I see it as what pushes me when I am no longer comfortable with being comfortable.
That's when I believe the best course of action is to change.

---

{% include image.html image="/landing/assets/pages/refind-me/Hero.png" %}

---
Lastly, the converse of me is **Hero**.

It's kind of funny to say, "I'm the complete opposite of a gallant sort who proceeds with courage."
But, I'm just not the type of person that goes up against a foe when the chances of winning are slim.
It doesn't make sense to do something that has a low success rate.

But humor me for a second--this "low chance" only applies when you are starting out.
For example, if I've started playing the guitar, the odds of me playing [Polyphia - Playing God](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5NoQg8LdDk) well are
astronomically low. Now, if I dedicate a little more time --probably years of practice and learning-- I'd have a much better chance of success.
You simply have to be willing to put up the fight hundreds if not thousands of times.

It is the **Hero** that takes up that challenge, accepting all the hardship and failures that come with it.
I find that so admirable. It makes me wonder if I'm stopping myself from the doing in thinking, because I focus more on avoiding loss than to chance gain.
I don't want to sound like I dislike who I am. More as to I want to see if I can improve myself in this area.
I should be more daring, and charge headfirst sometimes. Who knows? I might end up being more well-off afterwards.

That sounds like fun, right? Maybe even a little cool.

#### Closing

---

{% include image.html image="/landing/assets/pages/refind-me/CompositeData.png" %}

---

This game was really fun to play, and I would recommend this game to anyone interested in discovering more about themselves.
I also want to see if I change personalities when I play it again in a year or two.

Thank you for reading! :bow:
